Update description of attachment fallback (#3363)
mattermost/docs: source/developer/message-attachments.rst

When sending an attachment, you can use any of the following to format how you want the posted message to look.

> ``fallback``: A required plain-text summary of the attachment. This is used in notifications, and in clients that don’t support formatted text (eg IRC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``fallback``: A required plain-text summary of the attachment. This is used in notifications, and in clients that don’t support formatted text (e.g. IRC).
```
